What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When person initializes a repository, git adds hidden file which contains meta data, which itself
contains the information about the changes maded to this file. The changes will only be saved after
forlder has initilized, prior changes are not trackable by git.
We need this to create version control for our own projects.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

staging area is there to help us prepare for the changes to be made, it helps us to decide what change we want to commit.
It is also easier for user to add multiple files to commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

With staging area you can separate logical changes. First you add one logical change to staging area,
and then you commit change, afterwards you add second logical change to staging area and commit it too.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches would help with creating the different versions of same projects with slight alteretion. It will be easier 
to work on both version with branches. It also helps to keep logical seperation in project.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

With diagram I can see which commit is parent to previous one. I can understand when I am in detached head state and when
my changes will not to saved to any branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Result of merging two branches together is creation of new master tip. We combine the changes of both branches,
into one final commit. Representing it with diagram helps you to understand the relations between commits and 
branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

pro is non-automatic merging is that we can have better control what final project will be. Programer will have
to look for conflicts before merging to files rather than after merging. 
